ok so today I'm going to show you how to
change your windows 8 ah start menu
background now it's pretty simple you
just need a program to do it the program
you get a 30 day free trial and then you
buy it for five bucks otherwise you can
bread by the pro version which allows
you to bring back the start menu and
stuff so the program is called décor
eight we'll have a look at that so mind
some trail until see if I like it enough
to buy it I guess wasn't supposed to
close it right so these are all the
things you can do you can chip pick your
backgrounds you can have multiple
backgrounds at the same time if you hold
control as it says down there and you
can choose all the colors for the tiles
that you want change Lee parallax in
pick your lock screen um and somewhere
in here you can change the background a
shuffle if you like um somewhere else in
here on oh yeah if you buy the more
close it and I'll show you what you get
if you buy it you can actually get all
these extra features so I'll show you
what they are they're pretty much like
bring the start that button back on the
homepage analyst or stuff so we'll just
see what's that says start off
so be start a you can buy that if you
want two hours you can buy a complete
package which gives you all of this and
that's just called the the one that
we're looking at which is decoy or
decorate I guess so yeah you can give
all that sort of stuff you can have the
start menu back and you can rearrange
the tiles however you want into an
actual shape that I have to be locked in
to anything you can change your themes
and so on I'm so to actually download
this you can go to google and type in
décor eight or and you want to go to the
startup on there or you can just click
click the link in the description and
that's going to have the download there
for you alright thanks for watching guys
don't forget to subscribe like and leave
the comment if you have any questions